Lost a treasure today
I feel so uncomfortable.
Can you talk to me?
Send me a photo of you swimming.
Are you kidding me? I want a swimsuit photo.
Don't be angry.
I can't just send pictures to people.
If you want to see us meet, okay?
If you knew who I was
How else can I teach you?
Go to the antique market tomorrow.
To wear the sexiest clothes
Remember to match it with black silk.
Ah!
Haha, Mr. Feng, Mr. Feng
You iceberg beauty
I finally got it
Hey sister
How about this?
This is bronze, right?
This is old
That's not bad.
We seem to have one in our store.
I'll see if you're really obedient
You see
Oh this is so obedient
Good two
Ah!
Bridge, what are you sneaking around looking at?
Ah, hello, Mr. Feng
I'm fine, just take a look
Teacher Feng is also your teacher
You kid has been fired
What are you doing here?
Did I say that?
Take a look at the shoes and buy a few treasures.
Pick a few treasures and it's just you.
This is an antique market
You can't come.
Mentor, you made it easy for me to find, who are you?